Resgrid API Load Tester===========================Resgrid API Load Tester is a simple command line application that allows you to quickly test GET and POST http api calls. The console application also exports variables (see below) that can be picked up inside a Team City build agent. The app will give a simple report (success, failures, avg/min/max call times and total time).*********About Resgrid-------------Resgrid is a software as a service (SaaS) logistics, management and communications platform for first responders, volunteer fire departments, career fire, EMS, public safety, HAZMAT, CERT, disaster response, etc.  *********Example Command-------------.\ApiLoadTester.exe -r 1 -u "http://localhost" -a "api/customers/get/1" -h "Authorization|Basic Jdah7849HAhanf73A" -t 2 -i 100*********Team City Variables -------------The API Load Tester is intended to run within Team City, allowing you to run load tests against your Web API's and get the values back to team city. - SuccessfulApiCalls - FailedApiCalls - QuickestApiCall - SlowestApiCall - AverageApiCall - TotalTime*********Solution-------- - Resgrid.ApiLoadTester   - Core Command Line Application   - Helpers      - Conversion Helpers (HTTP Method, Header String)   - Models      - DTO's   - Workers      - LoadWorker	     - Multi Threaded worker (CORE LOGIC)*******Notes-------------Occasionally it's extremely useful to test your api calls, but not use a tool like JMeter. One use case in during development, quick run locally to ensure your API's are performing within a tolerance. It's also useful to utilize a system like Team City to Smoke Test your production or QA environments. One good test may be a small and simple load test and this is why we put this tool together. Build the console app in release mode to prevent "Press Enter to Exit...". - Shawn Jackson (@DesignLimbo\designlimbo.com) - Jason Jarrett (@staxmanade\staxmanade.com)*******License-------Apache 2.0